# Come, ye blessed

***

## Setting: John Prindle Scott

Then, shall the King say unto them
upon his right hand,

Come, ye blessed of my Father,
inherit the kingdom prepared for you
from the foundation of the world,
from the foundation of the world.
Come, ye blessed of my Father,
inherit the kingdom prepared for you
from the foundation of the world.
Come, ye blessed of my Father.

I was anhungered, and ye gave me meat;
I was athirst, and ye gave me drink;
I was a stranger, and ye took me in;
Naked, and ye clothed me;
I was sick, sick, and ye visited me;
I was in prison, and ye came unto me,
ye came unto me. Therefore,

Come, ye blessed of my Father,
inherit the kingdom prepared for you
from the foundation of the world,
inherit the kingdom prepared for you
from the foundation of the world.
Come, ye blessed of my Father.
Come, come, come.